Craig you are up first who would you
like to keep in Strictly Come Dancing
well this certainly in my mind was not
the best dance of the evening in fact
was possibly one of my worst dances but
um adjust for natural rhythm timing and
I want to see a little bit of Latin hip
action again John and Nepal who do you
think deserves to stay in this
competition well as I am obsessed with
the rhythm and timing it has to be John
and Nicole it's to nil
so if Bruno saves you John and Nicole
that means you are through
Bruno which couple are you going to save
well I have to go for the person I think
has the most natural dancing talent is
light on his feet he's a natural charmer
and I want to see him doing this also I
tell you that John and Nicole
to make sure every know everything
that's going on did you agree with your
other throne judgment may I just say
that I think both DOM and John who would
have expected them to come out and
entertain us so beautiful well go add
you enjoyed you say now cuz IV anyone's
done is she ate everyone behind the
scenes makeup costumes everybody behind
their wonderful hair department really
helped much we don't you know the first
man's gone through so I'm a big boy and
I take on the chin good luck something
you know I can get on we life now like I
have a vindaloo turn or not why matter
consequences regarding